
So i'm recording a voice, note to be converted into a blog. It's going to be a little bit of experiment and i expect the Gpt prompting to change the sort of natural language that you speak on the voice notes to convert it into He's trying to more corporate bullshitty language.

I'm also wondering how long the voice now to actually need to record to create a full blog. So this is part of the experiment. I'm sort of worried that from the transcript. It will overrun and might generate something that's too long. Or maybe we'll cut out like parts fit that.

I find relevant. Well, we all get to see this when when you see the conversion happening in the algorithm. So um, i'm gonna post The full transcript up there. I'm not quite sure that i'm also going to add. The actual voice recording might be a bit tricky, might be a big file as well.

Separate, maybe just only the The transcripts because i think that the voice recording should be done by telegram in the future. Um hopefully this this is an easy lift and Because i don't have time to work on it tomorrow. So i'm gonna try I've been looking at several different platforms from managing multi-social media contents.

Um, I don't know the name. So this is the fun part right? About doing a voice note, that if you can't remember something, yeah, you're gonna have to dig. So i'm hoping this gets cut out. Um, So i've been looking at several social media platforms are always super expensive.

There are they started like a hundred dollars a month or something like that, which is absolutely horrid. Um, especially if you're only using the linkedin channel. So, Um, maybe i use them. Maybe i used the linkedin channel, or maybe i implement the API myself, but it's such heavy lift, right?

So, All these APIs are getting super complicated and they're getting super closed off. So i probably need some third party software. Okay, so this is probably enough for for the voice note for today. I'm going to get this and then i'm going to get to transcript. And i'm gonna move to transcript over to the prompter.